So the only thing that we have left
to do here is actually deploy it,
which will give us the ability
to see this chron job running.
So I'm gonna stop here and
I'm going to see all these things
that I've got, commit everything.
Git commit,
let me check out a new branch actually.
We'll call this a workshop.
Okay, then I'm gonna git
commit everything and
say working chatops flow.
We're gonna git push origin and workshop.
Okay, so this is pushed up to
my particular branch here.
And then if I go into Netlify and
look at my app, I've just deployed.
Let's see if I get past
all my starred stuff.
Here's my chat ops.
And that was deployed at 9:26.
So I think this is set up on
the right one, but it's not using
the branch that I want cuz I just
pushed to my workshop branch.
So, I'm gonna change that here
to where right now it's on Main.
I'm gonna change it to Workshop.
I'm gonna save.
And then, I can go to My Deploys,
and we'll deploy the site so
that it uses the Workshop branch.
And we can see up here that it's now using
that Workshop branch when it deploys.
So it's deploying our site,
it's got our functions, and
it should say that we have
a scheduled function.
And if I go and
look at my function setup here,
we can see that we've got this one
set up as a scheduled function now.
And it should run in one minute.
So any second now,
we should see that actually execute.
I missed a step, actually,
because remember,
we've got all those
environment variables locally.
So we need to actually put those
environment variables up on Netlify.
And because we've got the .env file,
this is actually Just
delightfully straightforward.
I can run ntl env import and
then grab the .env file,
And that pulls in all those details,
which I will hide here.
And then we're going to go back out and
we're just gonna rebuild one more time now
that we've got those environment
variables because if I go and
look at my settings here,
now we'll see that they're actually there.
So they weren't there before.
That's why it wasn't working.
So we'll trigger one more deploy,
only takes a few seconds because
this is just a couple of functions.
We don't have a lot of advanced
anything going on in this.
All right, that build is complete.
Head back out to our functions we
can see that our reminder is here.
It's scheduled to run every minute
next execution in one minute.
So we can collapse this down, hide this.
And in a minute here we should
see our function execute.
There we go.
So now we have a Notion bot, or a Notion
app, I should say, and a Slack app that
allow us to run slash commands to
add something to our task queue.
We've got a shortcut that allows
us to remind other people about
how to follow that process and
to use the slash command.
We've got the ability to sync
those slash command entries and
save that input to Notion.
And then we've got the ability for Notion
to take that input and send it back using
a cron job so that the team is able to
see what they're on the hook for and
make sure they stay on top
of those incoming requests.